README for Canadian Baby Name Database(CBND):

INTRODUCTION
Canadian Baby Name Database is a data scraping project which cleans up all the recorded baby names
in the canadian provinces. This project is meant for those seeking to learn about the trends of baby
names overtime throughout the provinces New Brunswick, NewFoundLand, Nova Scotia, Ontario, Quebec, British
Columbia, and Alberta, whether for corporational development or personal interest. 

PREREQUISITES
Before you continue, ensure you have met the following:
   - You have installed the latest version of Python.
   - You have downloaded pandas and matplotlib on your terminal.
   - You are connected to a proper wifi network.
   - You do not click the exit button on the window unless you would like to exit the program.

INSTALLATIONS
In order to install the required libraries, first ensure you have opened the program in a terminal, then
into the command promp paste the following in order to install pandas: "pip install pandas". Once complete, 
in order to install matplotlib paste the following into the command prompt: "pip3 install matplotlib". Ensure you have executable permissions for all files. 

USAGE
Once you are ready to use the program, go into command prompt and type in "./main.py". In the case an error
message pops up, try this: "chmod 777 ./main.py". After this prompt, type in once again "./main.py", in the
case an error pops up again, refer back to our prerequisites as well as installations subheadings to seek
assistance. 
After "./main.py" has successfully prompted you with a menu, you may pick any of the values prompted for a 
desired result. Some menu functionalities may prompt you with an option for provincial choice, sex choice, as
well as year choice, continue inputting desired prompts. 
In order to exit the menu as well as the system, you may type in "1111", as stated at the bottom of the displayed 
menu. In the case that the wrong menu option was accessesed, you may type in 1111 to exit the system, and replay
the program using "./main.py" once again. 
   Exceptions
    - Graph function will cause issues if a unique name is entered for provinces.
    - Quebec dataset load slowly, but eventually do load. Beware of time constraints when executing. 
    - Exit functionaility at choosing sex stage has issues if it is not question 1.

CONTRIBUTORS
Amy Beard, Arwin Muraleetharan, Sukhman Kaur.

CONTACT
If you have any problems, questions, ideas, or suggestions, don't hesitate to contact our contributors at either:
sukhmanp@uoguelph.ca OR abear02@uoguelph.ca OR muraleetharan@uoguelph.ca

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Deborah Stacey: University of Guelph Instructor, Software Design 2 (CIS2250) Teaching Assistants.